Try to track guidelines for exercises (#128)
hsf-training/cpluspluscourse: README.md

pre-commit hook on every commit. To ignore words you can put them in the
`codespell.txt` file. This file should list the supposedly misspelled words with
one word per line and is case-sensitive.

## Exercises guidelines

- Prefer "east const" for new stuff.
- For the time being, maintain both a `Makefile` and a `CMakeLists.txt`.

> - Each exercise should a `solution` subdirectory.
> - `CheatSheet` file(s) is a raodmap for mentors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each exercise should have a `solution` subdirectory.
- `CheatSheet` file(s) is/are a roadmap for mentors.
```
